[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
mystery thriller film
signs spoiler ahead watch out and take
care
s is an ordinary farmer who lives on an
isolated farm with his brother merrell
one morning he suddenly hears his
children scream over there in the
cornfield
he and his brother meryl rush to the
cornfield and find that large crop
circles appear in the field
they first attribute this to some nerd's
hoax and call the police
however when the policewoman and hesco
checking the cornfield again
they notice that all the corn stalks are
down towards the same direction
without being snapped which is
impossible to be done by humans in such
a short time
the policewoman also mentions that many
dogs of the farmers are acting really
weird these days
this catches hess's attention as one of
his dogs is not behaving as usual either
when hess returns to his home his son
morgan has already killed the dog
claiming that the dog was trying to
attack his sister beau
later that night when hess is tucking in
his daughter he notices there's a shadow
on the roof
he thinks it might be a burglar and
wakes up meryl trying to block the
burglars way from two different
directions
however they find no one but only feel
something strange on the roof
therefore the next day hess asks the
policewoman for help again
hoping to figure it out however no
progress is made at all
as no valuable clues are provided right
then the little boat tells them that all
the channels are reporting the same news
that the crop circles are appearing all
over the world
what happened to their crops in the news
on tv keep bothering hess
and his family so hess decides to take
the family into town
and get their minds on everyday things
however
later at the army's office merrill
learns that those strange crop circles
are probably the marks
left by the aliens who are using them to
navigate
or to evaluate the danger level with
that being said though
merrell still finds it so unbelievable
on the way back to the farm
strange clicking noises are heard from
the baby monitor which morgan wants to
use as a walkie-talkie
hess thinks it's just static but with
the sound getting louder
morgan hears voices like people talking
though not in english
when morgan climbs on the car and holds
the monitor high they hear two of the
unknown talking but it soon dies away
later that night noticing that the dog
is fiercely barking towards the
cornfield
out of curiosity hess decides to check
it out there
there in the dark field he glimpses a
monster scaring the [ __ ] out of him
hess right away runs back home and calms
himself down
then from the tv the family find that
the unknown lights are seen everywhere
globally
that makes his brother meryl feel
overwhelmed desperately trying to get
some comfort from hess
hess instead of comforting merrell tells
his brother that it could be the end of
the world
he then continues that people break down
into two groups when they experience
something lucky
group one sees it not only as luck but
also god's blessing
while group two sees it as pure luck and
thinks they can only rely on themselves
therefore after seeing those lights
people from group one tend to remain
hopeful
while the other group tends to feel
hopeless as they do not believe in
coincidence or miracles
merrill a failed baseball player who no
longer plays it now though
immediately claims that he belongs to
the first group hess however
doesn't say anything as he has lost his
faith in god long since
and already become a member of group two
in his flashbacks
it's revealed that hess's wife was
crushed into two parts in a car accident
causing him to fall into huge despair
and lose his religious faith
what's more has his son morgan has been
suffering from asthma
since he was little and his daughter
both was obsessive with the cleanliness
of drinking water
his children's congenital defects and
his wife's death have become the last
straw
forcing hess to lose faith in god and
changing him from a priest to a farmer
the next day hess and merrill learn that
although those mysterious lights have
all disappeared
birds are continuously falling down
looking like they have flown into a wall
hidden over the sky
that means they are still there but just
cannot be seen by people
disturbed hess goes to the kid's room
and read with him
but is astonished to find in the book
the aliens attacking a house
which looks quite like the house they're
living now
right then they're interrupted by the
phone call from a man who is responsible
for the death of hess's wife
the man doesn't say too much and then
hangs up
therefore has races to his home for a
check but only finds him bleeding in a
car
and beginning to express his remorse for
his wife's death and his losing faith
and then he tells hess that all the crop
circles are away from water
which might mean the aliens are probably
afraid of water
the man warns hess not to open his
pantry as he has locked a creature
inside
but driven by his curiosity has decides
to check it out
and he does see the fingers of the
creature under the door who's trying to
attack him
during the chaos s cuts off several of
its fingertips
and drives back home in a panic when he
enters the house
pes finds that meryl has put on the
tinfoil hat as the children do
as they believe it can prevent the
aliens from reading their minds
it turns out that meryl has also seen
the alien from the tv news
making him terrified under that
circumstance
has plans to take the whole family to
hide near a lake
however all the others prefer to stay at
home believing it's safer
later they learn from the news that
lights are appearing in hundreds of
cities globally
all appearing around the crop signs and
seemingly preparing their attack
in order to protect the family s decides
to board up the doors and windows
as the creature was trapped in the
pantry with a wooden door
before doing it the family decide to
enjoy a good dinner together
however at dinner morgan gets mad at his
father for not saying a prayer
and he even thinks that hes let his mom
die
morgan's misunderstanding and all those
happenings finally make hes burst out
crying
just then some strange noises come out
from the monitor
so they start to board up the doors and
windows near the living room
trying to keep the living room safe at
least for now
however the family are panic stricken
increasingly by the hunting sounds
they try to take shelter in the basement
but to no avail
in the end they decide to escape from a
coal shoot as it seems that the
creatures are about to break in
however morgan standing in front of an
iron door
was suddenly caught by a creature in a
joint effort
s and merrill managed to save morgan
from the creature
but morgan has a sudden asthma attack
due to his great fear
luckily morgan survives despite not
having the medicine
after a night's rest they learn from the
radio that humans have found out the
alien creatures weaknesses
and thus they are now evacuating from
earth leaving their injured peers behind
hearing the report merrill opens up the
basement door
and makes sure it's all clear in the
house then the family all moved back to
the house
however when hess is taking the tv to
the living room
the shadow of a creature is reflected on
the screen the next second
the creature takes morgan hostage and
sprays him with toxic gas from its wrist
s finds that the creature is exactly the
one whose fingers were cut off by him
just then hess suddenly recalls his
wife's dying words to tell merrell
who used to be a great baseball player
to swing away
merrill thus picks up the baseball bat
near him and bashes the creature
during a scuffle they're astonished to
find that water will scald its skin
thanks to bose being so picky about the
water the room is filled with so many
glasses of water
merrell keeps bashing and hitting the
creature with water
eventually killing it outside just as
everyone thinks they're gonna lose him
morgan gradually revives thanks to his
good luck
maybe god's intervention morgan had an
asthma attack at that right time
and his constricted lungs prevent him
from inhaling the creatures toxic gas
thus saving his life due to bows
excessive pickiness with water
they find out the creature's weakness by
accident
all those considered as misfortunes
before now seen as luck
saving the family surviving from the
ordeal
and believing that there actually exists
the miracles hess becomes a priest again
and his faith in god is restored this is
daniel cc movie channel
peace out